*Ask
Guiding questions:
1.- What is the problem you are trying to solve?
R. I would say that the problem to be solve is the the trends in smart devices usages that could increase
   the user base of the bellabeat's products.
2.- How can your insights drive bussiness decisions?
R. My insights could affect how the marketing campings target the public or the development of new features
   in bellabeat's products.

STATEMENT:
Analyze smart device usage of non-bellabeat smart devices to discover insights and trends of it's usage to
help improve the marketing campaings and/or suggest the development of new features for the bellabeat products
to improve the experience of it's customer base.

*Prepare
Is suggested to use the FitBit Fitness Tracker Data (CC0: Public Domain, dataset made available through Mobius): This Kaggle data set
contains personal fitness tracker from thirty fitbit users. Thirty eligible Fitbit users consented to the submission of
personal tracker data, including minute-level output for physical activity, heart rate, and sleep monitoring. It includes
information about daily activity, steps, and heart rate that can be used to explore users’ habits.
--Is adviced that the data has some limitations.--
Guiding questions:
1.-Where is your data stored?
R.-The data is stored in various csv files, the data will be stored inside the projects folder for its analysis
2.-How is the data organized? Is it in long or wide format?
R.-Most of the data is in long format, only the summaries are in wide format, also the users are represented by their ID
3.-Are there issues with bias or credibility in this data?
R.-After the first look up it has been obvious that the data has some minor issues mostly on the dates type and format, summaries
   have only the short dates while the specifics have long date formats unified in one field, it seems that bias won't be a problem
   because the gender is not specified, since the analysis wasn't asked to be performed only to women but to consumers in general
   instead it's seems ok but has a probability to have a misrepresentation bias, but will raise this question in the next meeting, 
   and as for credibility it seems as a reliable source since it's already said that this data was carefully collected.
4.-How are you addressing licensing, privacy, security, and accessibility?
R.-In the description of the dataset it's said that the data is of public domain and has the consent of all the participants that 
   provided the data.
5.-How did you verify the data’s integrity?
R.-The first checkup was done using Microsoft Excel to search for Null values, wrong data types and other common mistakes, later on
   there will be a second cleanning using R code to ensure it's integrity.
6.-How does it help you answer your question?
R.-This dataset gives a general idea of some customers habits and daily activities wich are usefull to better understand the sentiment
   of the market.
7.-Are there any problems with the data?
R.-Maybe the main issue is that in the data is not tell which participants are females, this raises again the concern for a misrepresentation
   Bias as maybe both genders are not equally represented in this dataset, and for a women focused company this is dangerous therefore
   I agree on the recommendation to include more data, at least one that clearly label gender for cross-examination, will update in this matter.